Hey, good morning family.
I just have a video I want to do for you all today.
I've been praying and asking the Lord what he's wanting me to talk to you about, and I have a direction I think I need to go.
The next two things I'm going to tell you about were open-eyed visions.
When I was praying—just like I am right here in this chair right now—all of a sudden the Lord opened a portal above me.
I saw a massive portal open because I just asked him, 'How's your day today, Lord?
What were you about?
What were you doing today?
' I was just curious, talking to him like I normally do, and all of a sudden he said, 'Brandon, I'll show you what I was doing,' and he opened up a portal over my living room.
I saw him—and this is pretty cool—getting our table ready for our banquet: massive tables for a reception for us when we come home.
Every plate was so perfect, but every plate was different.
One was a flower, but my plate that was in front of me, he showed me in the spirit realm.
I looked up and I could see the tables, and the plates were perfect.
It was a perfect lily, but it was almost transparent.
It was red and it had all the beautiful designs on this plate.
On the plate was a name card, and my name was written on the plate as a reserved seat for me for this banquet that we will partake in when the Rapture of the church happens.
This is one of the first things that happens: I saw a banquet, a party he has for us.
It is a massive celebration of us coming home.
All of the plates were perfect, like I said, and then we had these glasses, and all the glasses were this fine crystal that I've never seen on this Earth before.
The glasses were beautiful, and you could see the forks, and the forks were perfect.
They had all the forks lined up, and they had a napkin, the plates, and all the beautiful place setting.
You could see the people that I was familiar with from this Earth—my friends, the people that I know are born again.
My wife had her place next to me, and other people that I love, like family members, had their name tags in their reserved plates all around us.
I could see directly around me all the beautiful things, but everybody's stuff was personalized to them.
It wasn't just one type of plate or one type of glass; it was personalized to the desires of your heart, what was inside of you.
It was beautiful what he had done.
In the centers of the table were these flower arrangements that were the most beautiful flower arrangements: lilies, white roses, and they had this tulle.
There was drapery all coming out of these trees.
There were trees—and I don't know where these trees came from—like these huge, massive oak trees like you would see in Louisiana at those plantation houses.
It was an outside area, not in a building or a palace.
This reception is outside.
There was green grass all around, and there were beautiful trees all covering the top.
There was drapery all coming down from these trees all underneath where the banquet's at.
There were diamond-like beads and pearls hanging out of the trees, all fastened with the tulle, all this beautiful white silk and mesh; the pearls were wrapped in it.
It was gold, and you could see all the colors.
It was draped and it was so decorated—so perfect—it was like a wedding reception.
Everything was just immaculate and gorgeous.
I try to capture and tell you everything the Lord showed me.
There were some kind of little lights—and this sounds really weird—like twinkle lights inside of the tulle and the pearls.
It was absolutely gorgeous.
Everything—the place settings, the vases with flowers, and everything—it was so precious, his celebration for us when we come home.
This is another time I was praying; these were two different times.
Again, I always ask the Lord, 'How's your day today?
How are things going?
' just like I'm talking to a friend.
He's my best friend, so it's like talking to your friend on the telephone.
I always ask, 'How's your day today?
What did you do today?
' or like you talk to your spouse.
I asked how his day was—'How was your day today?
What all went on?
'—and all of a sudden he said, 'Hi, Brandon,' and he started talking to me again.
He said, 'I want to show you what we're doing today.
' He said they're having a reception practice, a parade practice.
He said, 'When you come home in the Rapture, son, we are going to have a massive home-welcoming party for you.
' Everybody that has died before you, they're waiting for you, and we are going to celebrate all the people—this massive amount of the church that is coming home in the Rapture.
He said we're going to have a massive parade.
It's a reception, but I could see the people and they had banners.
He showed me what they were doing: Jesus was riding a white horse, and he was the head of the reception of what they were practicing, and all the people kept saying, 'For the Lord is good, and his mercy endureth forever,' as he was riding on this horse in heaven.
I could see the streets of gold.
I could see the people on both sides of the streets, just like the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade.
Both sides of the street had people all lining the way; it looked like a massive town, like a city.
I could see buildings on both sides—massive buildings all beautifully designed, kind of like you would see in Europe, with old English-style tile roofs.
It was beautiful, like a downtown area in heaven.
I could see the people, and Jesus was riding on the gold street on his horse, and people had those kingly banners that said 'King of Kings' and 'Lord of Lords.
' All the banners were going down the street, and people were celebrating and rejoicing.
This is going to sound really crazy, but there was gold confetti in the air, and people were celebrating.
They were practicing, getting ready for the coming of the church.
He said, 'We're getting ready for you, son.
We're getting ready for the church!
' I got so excited because I could see all the people rejoicing, and they kept saying, 'For he is good, and his mercy endures forever.
' I could hear all the people, and he was riding his horse.
His horse had a bridle that was covered in jewels.
His horse was beautiful and had a chest piece with beautiful diamonds, emeralds, sapphires, and rubies.
He was riding his horse through the town, being worshipped in heaven.
I was just in awe of how much he loves us, how much he cares, and all the personal detail he takes the time just to love on his people.
People have no idea how much Jesus loves you and how much he takes thought for every detail, from the plates to the forks to the parade.
He's so excited for his children to come home.
He's waiting on us, and when God says 'Go,' he's coming back for us, and we're going to rule and reign with him forever and ever.
For the King, he is good.
Jesus is good, and his mercy endures forever.
There was a bridge with a huge river going through it.
The town was right here on this side, and the gold street went over this bridge.
There was a river flowing out of the throne—Living Water.
There were steps that went up after this huge bridge over the river, there was green on both sides, and there was this beautiful castle-looking building where he was riding his horse.
All the people were there in their gowns.
This is what's really amazing too: everyone worshipping him on those horses had different gowns; not one gown or robe was the same.
There were different colors—everyone thinks it's just white gowns, but there were robes with colors.
Some people had robes and some had gowns, but there were more gowns than robes.
It looked like a lot of people just had a gown of salvation; they were just born again and had a revelation of getting saved.
The people who had robes had beautiful colors with emblems and things of honor for what you did on the earth for him.
There were thick, beautiful robes.
I couldn't see the people's faces because they were facing away, their backs toward me.
On the other side of the street, I could see the people a little bit, and they were all lining the streets.
I look forward to it: the peace, the presence.
Oh, Jesus.
I take myself back when I talk about it; I can feel the feeling I had when I saw him on his horse.
He had a crown on that was beautiful and towered above his head, covered in really cool jewels.
It was gorgeous.
This crown had a purple banner around the bottom of it with stuff like fur.
He had a cape on with a gold medallion in the middle, and his cape draped down by his legs while he was on his horse.
Everything was just so perfect.
So, Father, I thank you right now in the name of Jesus.
I'm going to do a blanket prayer for all the people that have asked for help, all the prayer needs, the healings, and the people whose loved ones are far away from the Lord.
Father, we thank you.
Lord, you showed me in a vision today little birds chirping in a mama's nest, and they are asking, 'Help, help, help!
Cheep, cheep, cheep!
' I saw them in the spirit, Lord, and I said, 'God, there are so many mouths to feed; I can't do it all.
' You said to me, 'It's my job, Brandon.
The Holy Spirit will take care of this,' and I saw that big bird dump a whole bunch of worms on those little babies.
Today, I pray that for you: the Holy Spirit is going to meet your every need right where you're at.
Jesus has got this for you.
I call healing over your bodies and deliverance over you in Jesus' name.
I call restoration over your marriages.
I call blessing over your home financially.
Father, I pray the Lord would bless them and keep them; may his face shine upon you and be gracious to you and give you peace.
I call those blessings over their home in Jesus' name, and we praise the Lord for everything he's already done and what he continues to do in your life.
In the name of Jesus, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you, and I love you.
I'm so thankful that you're a part of my family here.
God bless you all.
Bye-bye.